Are you proposing to me?
Tingting
You heard right.
In fact, I have always had you in my heart
It is my blessing to meet you again
I actually wanted to surprise you a long time ago
Just tell Auntie not to tell you yet
But you already know
Tingting
I love you.
Together together together together together
Together together
i
Don't you always carry your ring with you?
You pick a place like this
Tingting
I know it's been hard
But I want to tell you
You are the most important thing in my life
No matter what challenges lie ahead
I am willing to face it with you together
Please let me take care of it for the rest of my life
How about staying with you?
Tingting
Marry Me
All right?
Marry him?
Okay, I've agreed.
Go home, Sunny.
Let's go
aunt
Qiuqiu's condition is progressing rapidly now
I want to get married within a month
Zhao Tong, have you thought about it?
Let's hear what's going on
Auntie, I think very clearly
Even if Tingting's time is short now
I also hope
But